[Music]
what's up my people what's up my people
like and put me in the
comment box how are you I want to know
today I bring you a video full of
information full of
quality content so I want the teacher grab
some seeds because there's a lot to comment on
and enjoy okay enjoy as much as
I'm going to enjoy telling this the
salsero in case anyone doesn't know I have
a secondary channel called xavi el
canijo that I will be leaving the description
you've been throughout the week
covering this news covering this
controversy reacting to various videos of
the characters involved okay so
if you want to be even more aware
of what I'm going to do with this
video I recommend that you go and see
all the live clicks that I upload to
that channel I have bad news for
all of you and I know that this is going to
affect you quite a bit I know that this is quite
screwed up in fact I don't want to see anyone
happy about these circumstances okay
because it's not at all it's not at all
funny and although it hasn't been
confirmed yet because
an official statement hasn't been made yet everything
points to  because of the events
that Facebook Gaming immediately ran
Wind and the platform whatever has
run as such and that she can not do
live broadcasts on the platform but
everything points to the fact that they have dispensed with
Windy's contract and all because of the live broadcast
in which Wind and she
completely goes crazy and starts screaming and
becomes completely possessed as if
someone was being killed
due to the fact that she saw
a notification appear in the corner of the screen that Place was
live it is tremendous she insulted her on
several occasions calling her corrupt that
[ __ ] that piece of [ __ ] and well then
Facebook did not like this
since Facebook takes
the rule very strictly that
users of the same platform of the
same partner cannot criticize today it is
very apparently perhaps with 99.9
percent security it was confirmed that
Wind and is no longer on Facebook Gaming
obviously I do not think it was
her decision but on the contrary
I consider that it was a decision because
obviously the platform is
glad that you lost your
job Windy you should never  I'm glad that
no one loses their job but I don't
want this click that I'm going to put
below to be forgotten. They
happened from here
to this power. They have to greet the one he's
talking about. He's referring to Dylan
but if it's from imagination and as you know it is
said out there they tell the rumors that they
kicked him off the platform. They terminated his
Facebook contract and not even because he spoke and
criticized Wind and in a YouTube video
so you can see how strict
Facebook is, the fact that
teammates can't talk about each
other, they can't criticize each other, that the
forward didn't even talk about her on
the same platform, in other words, the forward
made a humorous video of criticism
on his YouTube, YouTube itself can't, it can't
be, he can't talk about his teammates not
even on other platforms and here I
do indie they put it in the chat of a
live stream of his from a week ago I think
this live stream belongs to a week ago and
Windi comments the following with the
next one is high pay attention to the tone
here this place dominated on the platform
and well we
are on Facebook
we are partners we have to give a good image you're
not going to put  to speak ill of another
who is in the same company that was
clear clear
[Music]
about me
I just got a little bit of
coronavirus in what is being the
chest I want you to look
closely at her expressions
while you are counting on what they
kicked out of Facebook for speaking ill of
her I
want to die very amused because last night
before it is confirmed she will confirm it
before she announced that she was going to
broadcast on other platforms seeing it
coming at the moment we knew that she was
no longer going to be on Facebook we were going to
throw her clip laughing at the
forward because they fired him from work
before announcing that she was going to do
live shows on other platforms she put a
thread on twitter justifying herself okay and
saying that the forward was not fired
because of her okay how I feel we will not give
a damn wind and it does not matter okay
apparently according to what she says in the thread it
finally turns out that they did not fire him
because of her per se but at the time
she so she reported to facebook the fact
that the forward made a video a
critical video but apparently they hit her with
a touch forward but it was not  they fired him
for that reason but they fired him a few
months later for something else done juan
guarnizo also confirms that he will leave
for the third in one of his live streams but
I don't care wind and we don't care it doesn't
matter a [ __ ] here the real thing
before would be that even if they
fired him for another reason you did
have the intention of getting him
fired because you yourself here
confirmed that this one reports that they didn't
fire him because they don't take anything into account
because I imagine you every day going to facebook and look at the support or the administration in charge of talking to you 15 who made a video there is that I don't know who has posted a tweet it is that someone place has had the same color as me and they won't take you into account but the
intention is the same will and you
report it is coming out that you could get him out of
contract and
you in this click we just saw you
mocked and got wet with a
rather evil tone that someone loses their
job therefore the content
comes to be the same and that really does not
surprise me at all if facebook gaming
has taken measures against  you wind and it's the
least and the least they should
do because after your tantrum I
found out
that not only did you have
that attitude that
completely regrettable shameful attitude in that live
insulting a colleague for the simple
fact that a notification appeared
but also in the background
your boyfriend could be heard saying something like for opening her
legs or something something similar he said
okay and not only that but then your
boyfriend who also does live broadcasts on
facebook gaming and they are live broadcasts where
well where he said one thing also
seemed completely reportable to me the
notifications of people who don't
even receive
what's on the
screen and news of minutes
when he's going to do this
the power of the fruit shop the power of the
incredible aim that he does
thank you very much because the boyfriend in this live broadcast is
surely trying to play
the role that they are very indignant
but it doesn't work out for him he doesn't do well he comes in
to please his partner he wants to
act like the one who is in a bad mood let's go
because he is very angry and say here he
is intact and the power of the aim
but he has no blood friends he has no
blood he has strawberry milkshake in his veins
I am very indignant yes  I'm
outraged you also get
notifications on Facebook from people who are
live oh how strange how come you
get notifications from people who are
successful and not from those who aren't how
outraged I am outraged I am the
power of whoredom the worst of all is
that this clip which is totally
reportable for Facebook gaming okay they
could also easily kick him
off the platform for this
click he published it on espn or the wind
and this man published it for
my success okay this man is dedicated
to acting like a servant of windy or something like that
so you understand who
this man is he is like Mr. van from
the simpsons for the servant the mister
is my fair like wind and supposedly he
cannot be on the same platform
speaking ill of ari this man is dedicated to getting his
hands dirty for them okay he
spends all day creating
totally absurd threads okay here we have the
last one and what is completely
ridiculous okay I open a thread about the very
probable corruption leave and gameplay
okay and here well take out all the
conspiracy theories that wind and
invents in his head  in her mind that
only she can come up with
vouchers that Hariri Play is shutting down
all platforms so that Wind and does not
triumph and yet she has been
triumphed because this guy as proof of
the corruption of the area has taken with his
holy balls this guy is the one we
believed or suspected okay you can see
the video in turbo plan that was behind
the account made of the account that I spoke about that he
did and also
trying to get kicked
off Facebook to account is having
because this guy is the one we thought
could supposedly be behind that
account okay Wind and is dedicated to giving it
diffusion on his Twitter to all the
garbage that this man puts okay and
this guy in this thread as supposed
proof of the corruption of the public area
the click of Wind's boyfriend and that
could have perfectly gone
completely unnoticed because this
man whoever beats him on Facebook and
sees it this man or health his
YouTube chat was slower than the
current visit counter of the month and dick and they take
juancojones and publishes the click where he
himself can  get harmed by the meme
che of the shotgun of tone well it's
you and me the intelligence of revel has been
running after you all its life
what happens is that you are much faster
well the time has come to tell you
the best and it is that these
wonderful since we are talking about
memes literally you know the meme of the
crying man crying very loud but he
has a mask as if he were happy
okay well it is to edwin yesterday wind and both
in the community tab of his
youtube channel and on twitter he made this
announcement okay
I am happy to inform you that now you will be able to
see me live also on youtube gaming
and on twitter check out my live streams here I will
also tell you more tonight she
announces it as if she had gotten
a contract in a tweet or a contract on
youtube gaming
on youtube in gaming I think she only
has a current contract with willy and little
more is a contract as such on youtube
not what you started doing last night wind
and it is not because youtube gaming signed you
okay it is not because coincidentally
things of life's coincidences not
coincidentally when you are having a
problem on facebook up to 27 tokens  no
what you're doing on youtube game
what you did last night was literally
a normal live stream on youtube
that anyone can do, there's no need for
youtube to have called you the wind and
please go live on our platform
that we offer much more than facebook no
wind and they want to disguise it, okay, I'm
pleased to announce that from
now on I'm very happy because from
now on you will be able to see my tweet on my
twitter account okay from now on you
will be able to enjoy my tweet
on my twitter account I'm very
happy to announce this the next thing
has to be very embarrassing what's happening to you
and that on top of that it was for
simple and okay but what you did
last night my father could do it, he creates
an account on youtube does a
youtube live there are already others that imagine
this would be totally divine justice
this would be karma doing
his job perfectly I insist I'm not
happy at all that anyone loses their
job but really win dictates it
deserved it, they are it was arnie's fault
fault of this action your fault that was the one
in which you got in a string to
scream to lose your shape  already
seriously insulting with your boyfriend in the background a
colleague from the same platform and
really this is karma because you have been
trying to harm that colleague for months
okay not only will she
try to make the forward lose his
contract but also you will always
be there you have always been and you will always
be there for the moment that
someone makes any mistake in a
live any small mistake let's
imagine any any [ __ ]
that there is without wanting to
sprout and without wanting to be seen that it is
a link that cannot be seen there would be
a phrase that cannot be said you with the
help of your group wind and you will be there to
try to get them to go in ar and get her
fired from any job already with that [ __ ]
string sniper when it
was not her who did it to you it was a such to
need already there insists a lot
wanting the way of tweets and
now a few months ago with the strange and
suspicious account that is that it is that it
pointed to that they were your friends the account
is exposing youtube dollar of
tweeted because it cannot be turned off
because it has a contract facebook but they did
give it like and  by liking
that account I was also spreading
all the tweets from that account and I
was also passing the account to
salc channels or to make videos okay and
the intention of that account was
clearly to get game
and aries play kicked out of facebook and look where the one they
kicked out is you well to court 2
has confirmed it but everything points to that
if I believe it 99 percent okay it's
really I understand that you wanted to
make it seem like they didn't kick you out for a fact
why
but you're like I mean hundreds of thousands of
people know that you've lost a job
because of your attitude and on top of that it's because of
messing with gameplay it must be
hurting you life I was
negotiating to get into facebook
also to get into doing live streams on
facebook in fact it was you wind and you
will remember and I have proof of it that
you were the one who put me in contact
with the managers and well I can't say
how many there are, how many the contracts are
okay but I can say that they are for
a lot, a lot of money per month okay, a
lot of money per month I couldn't
accept that contract because the content
has to be gay  you see we continued a certain
number of hours gaming and my content is
the ceo I can't
spend those hours gaming
okay because my content has no limit and I
can't give you numbers because
obviously there is a
confidentiality but I can tell you that
windy would have to have a contract with
those viewers that was around the salary
of a normal family in Spain per year
that far exceeded the salary of a
Spanish family per year or in other words the
contract that he supposedly lost
that money
earning on youtube no way no way and take
night when he finishes his live and
puts this tweet thanks for your support
beautiful I can't believe that on youtube they
donated to me triple what they usually
donate to me on facebook I am the best wind and
you think we are stupid no I don't know do you
think you are going to convince us that you are
going to deceive us no way windy no way you are
going to earn what you earned on
facebook and look at me joke even if they give you
500 euros a day I do it live
simultaneously on you know and on youtube
valuable I do it live as you know
on both platforms at the same time and what
you  they will give on youtube youtube keeps
55 percent in the end what you
get is much less since
an arab sheik would have to come and donate thousands of
euros a day for you to earn is or
super you do what they earned on facebook and
that I don't know exactly what you earn
because I'm telling you it's a relative fact wind
and I would earn what the contract had which would
surely have one of the
biggest contracts and I'm telling you that it surely
exceeded the salary of a family a year
okay and apart from that what he gilds it I mean you're
not going to get it back
no way and you've lost it because you hate
play in your head it must be about to
explode right now wind and
divine justice has been done and as you can see in this
I am both on twitter and in his
live wind and on repeated occasions
well he continues trying to convince
people that he no longer has any problem
on facebook and that if he is transmitting
on another platform it was on his own
initiative okay because because before starting
the live on youtube and they are
five minute live broadcasts announcing on facebook
okay therefore it was not at all wind and
one thing  is that you can or cannot
do live streams on Facebook and other things
that continue maintaining your contract okay
one thing I am clear and that is that when you
have a contract on Facebook you have
exclusivity and you cannot stream on
another platform okay that you do a
five minute live stream on your Facebook
okay here I am going to show you the
clear difference between a person who
has a contract and one that does not as you can see in
someone's profile play the
following is stated and in win's profile it has
the following therefore wind and it does not
work
but you do not
have the contract for sure because if not you
could not allocate on other platforms
also as you can see in these screenshots the
average wind in viewers during the
entire live stream was not good really it
was not good I spent some time taking
a daily look and the average was
1,500 1,400 bay there were peaks in which it
reached 2,000 viewers but
even 1,300 viewers really wind
and has 3 million almost 300,000
subscribers like having ten times
more subscribers than me you have half the
viewers that I do when I do
live on YouTube  erwin goddess
you really didn't do well, besides, you were quite
insistent trying to get people to
share and retweet your live stream
to the point of herself
doing a live stream on her instagram so
that people on instagram would go see it
but it didn't have good results winding
my dear loves of kisses of
visits
I'm live on my youtube ok I put
the link in my last story welcome
spend a while with me benjamin
youtube that was sent and I'm going to be
live for several hours so I hope you
come here and the super chats there were
times when they hadn't supercharged
for a long time for many minutes as you will
see in the chat all the time
people are putting the word
for the middle of the club and indirectly
the next day gay I have to admit
that I have been searching and finding the
video that she uploads the next day and
yes it seems that onari apologizes to
the other and that behavior goes along with
my values and let the wet anger
swim and argue with you and also
with the affected cables as you see
one ago we were the small mouth okay  even if it
was with someone's small mouth
as very much in account he lets it fall he
apologized the next day in this video
that he deleted at the hour endorses everything he
deleted this video to the stop done because he
deleted this video okay but yes there
really is very quote unquote
apologies towards dinos but they are not an
apology in conditions as I would say
in this video I apologize because the
apologies were totally count or
rather it was a lowering of pants
quite accounts and during the video what he
does is again no matter how much you
apologize for two seconds then in
the rest of the video he continues justifying himself and
implying that ari could be
corrupting the platform to
succeed and not the same person who does
a way but also this mysterious max aub
who received a few days ago
also here publish a
phone number of a person I don't know all very
strange one thing to keep in mind about this
video that he deleted okay is that now
suddenly wind and does not want to make believe that
she is writing on another platform
on her own foot not because they have
fired her when in this video she said the
following yes also in big the
formulas and attitudes in particular if not
only you  I loved Windy but you
had a [ __ ] contract, I
mean, I had a direct contract and Ximo
won't leave that contract
so if there are many things there are many
regulations
and I
feel that they love me and for me they don't
fool me anywhere in fact today it is
estimated on Facebook for testing
but hey I want to try new things and
don't believe speculation or
gossip but everyone knows my truth gay
there are things that I'm going to tell you that
soon I will be able to tell you so
be a little patient
in the meantime the way of seeing maybe has
n't changed because it
would be a bit of a hassle if I didn't have an account what I
couldn't transmit and as such it can be
transmitted but what is obvious is that there is
no contract because when they
hire you on Facebook you have
exclusivity and we already know this from
many writings but Josh Stevens in
this before starting this script as we have
said before and that he did a
five minute live on Facebook before
starting the director YouTube but he
did this live for two reasons to
convince people that they have not
handled it and to bring the people who
break it on Facebook
here it will not assign results because as I
told you, I mean, still having
many fewer viewers on YouTube than they
had on Facebook, well, I think I had
an average of 2,000 or something like that,
1,800, 2,000 viewers and being here with
1,300 viewers having three
million three hundred thousand subscribers
has to be quite painful, win Dec
Efe for you, also, another thing to keep in
mind and it seems to me that we have to pay
attention to, okay, I already mentioned it in one of
my live streams reacting to the video that
she deleted, well, with a click that
we recovered there, and it is that
three or four days when she uploaded this
video, she said that she was going to take a
break that she was not going to write again
for two weeks, I decided to take some time
off and after doing public streams for
more or less 12 when YouTube or
when a streamer is going to take a
break and more so when it is for a topic like this, for
a topic of three or for something that has
happened to you, you do not know exactly the
exact days that you are going to take off, you are
going to take some time and it can be a
week, it can be two weeks, it can be
ten days it could be whatever it
seemed very suspicious to me that she already
having a strike because she already had an
extra on Facebook suddenly comes out
saying that she is going to take exactly two
weeks of rest it did not seem very
suspicious to me as if I smelled that she
rested it was not really voluntary
but now what I find
even stranger is that she announced that she is going to
take two weeks of rest but
now suddenly she continues doing live streams
as if nothing where are the two weeks
of rest it was going to take what has
happened
and I know that it has to be very
painful today also I have to add to
tick this off more it is not to give it
more emphasis matter that is to be
completely applauded the attitude that she has had
in all this AR and gameplays thing
because it has not been mentioned at all
okay the only thing she has done on
this occasion has been to thank
Facebook Gaming for having acted and for
the decision that she has made to
completely applaud because wind and you would not have
done the same what is there which
is the person who worked
directly sorry directly
on the platform never asked for her to be
expelled the only thing she asked for is that
something should be done about it because the
situation warranted it and I told them a thousand
times when there is the street
that little group of [ __ ] is going to be there
to take her job and
we can not sin of good
people you have to be good people but you do
not have to be an idiot so
the necessary actions were taken to the
situation the platform obviously
wants to protect its image and the
right thing was done so hehe also well
totally personal opinion it seems
completely cloying to me or that a person of
Whitney Valen's age no matter how
old you are it seems to me that it has to
be completely shameful to have in your
history that you have lost this
contract it has to be completely
shameful and that the reason was not
because of copyright because of an error no no the
reason in the end has been that your hatred
towards you has led you to lose this
huge contract that
many extreme would like you have lost it because of your
hatred arkin plays and on top of that the one who hated so much
and the one you would like to have
lost her job at number one on
facebook gaming now and that has to be
burning you up I
think I have nothing else to
comment on the matter if I have any left  Something else
to comment on, I will do it in my live stream that you
can see better if there is one every day,
today on my secondary channel of happy
in the description and I simply wanted to say
goodbye to the video with this clip so that it is
not forgotten and I am
slowly withdrawing from this place because you
attacked me, you attacked me today, you tell lies about
me while friends here in this place
ate this platform and well,
you are something that we need on
Facebook as partners, we have to give a good
image, you are not going to be able to speak badly of
another who is in the same company as you
and that is why they fired you for talking about me
[Music]